Add Gradle Cookbook landing and Cross-references (#43)
gradle/community: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the Gradle Community Site

[![a](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-%23docs-brightgreen?style=flat&logo=slack)](./contributing/community-slack.md)

Contributing to this site is easy!

> We do not have so many newcomer friendly issues in this repository,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we may not have many issues for newcomers,
```

> but you are welcome to submit any small and big patches!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we welcome all contributions, big or small. 
```

> Many smaller changes can be done from a browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many minor changes can be made directly from your browser.
```

Just submit a pull request to the respective repository.
On the rop right corner you can also see the _Edit_ icons
that will normally get you right to the content page.

> For bigger changes, you can do the development locally, and it is documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bigger changes, you can develop locally. 
Detailed instructions are provided below.
```

## Communication channels

- `#docs` on the [Gradle Community Slack](./contributing/community-slack.md)

## Contributing Content

### Contributing to Gradle Cookbok

See the [Gradle Cookbook Contributor Guide](./cookbook/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Other locations

The Gradle website is at the early stages of development,
and we do not have a fixed process and practices.
Just submit a pull request with a change.
Should youhave any concerns, let's discuss it on Slack or a GitHub issue.

## Developing the site

It is possible to deploy the site instance locally or inside a Dev Container.
The latter is a recommended approach.

### Technology under the hood

The community site is built with [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/),
[MkDocs Multirepo Plugin](https://github.com/jdoiro3/mkdocs-multirepo-plugin/tree/main),
and [Material for MkDocs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material).
So, it uses the Python technology stack instead of Gradle,
but on the other hand we're leveraging one of the most powerful documentation engines.

> ### Setting iup the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting up the environment
```
